let's start in Gaza where the Israeli
military has confirmed that six bodies
found in a tunnel in the city of Rafa
were those of hostages held by Hamas
after the October the 7th attack it's
named them as Israelis Alexander lobanov
almog cusi Eden yerushalmi Ori denino
carel Gat and HS Goldberg poin who was
an American citizen he had appeared in a
Hamas video with an amputated arm a few
months ago in statement President Biden
called his death tragic and
reprehensible saying Hamas leaders will
pay for their crimes the missing
families Forum has again urged Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to
agree to a ceasefire for the release of
the remaining hostages elsewhere three
Israelis have died after their vehicle
was fired on near the city of Hebron in
the occupied West Bank well with me now
is Muhammad Taha from BBC Arabic uh
Muhammad let's start first of all with
the news of the bodies of six hostages
that have been found what more do we
know about the operation in order to be
able to find them and recover those
bodies so the operation was to secure
just a tunnel where the Israeli forces
found an alive hostage last week aladi a
bedwin hostage so the Israeli forces was
just trying to clear the tunnel and they
found the bodies there so they didn't go
there upon uh and intelligence
information or something they just found
them while they are searching the tunnel
so the circumstances around the killing
so uh the Israeli there is exchange of
of accusations the Israeli Army saying
that Hamas kill killed them
intentionally and the Israeli Prime
Minister Benyamin Netanyahu just issued
a a statement a few minutes ago saying
that we will continue to free all
hostages and Israel will not
rest until we reach the killers means
you know he's int inciting that the
military operation in Gaza would
continue but Hamas issued also a
statement and they said uh that they
were killed in an Israeli shelling and
they said that what they described as as
practicing genocide in Gaza and the
support of President Biden to Israel as
they said is the cause of the death of
these hostages so there is this exchange
of accusation between two parties and
how much does this add pressure on to
the Prime Minister we heard there uh the
comment from the hostages families Forum
they've also said that uh prime minister
Benjamin netan should take
responsibility for abandoning the
hostages indeed today is a big day for
Israel in Israel as the is Sunday as
everybody came from the Sabbath we saw
in the evening last evening a big
demonstration asking the uh prime
minister Netanyahu to strike a deal
there is a call by
the families of the hostages to for a
general strike in in in Israel there is
already strike in the secondary school
there supposed to start today and it did
not uh start and they are calling the uh
the Labor uh um syndicates or unions to
call for a a wide strike to try and make
this moment where they found the bodies
of this hostage a turning point to try
to convince the Israeli government to do
some action the Israeli Prime Minister
canceled the annual the sorry the weekly
meeting of the Israeli government that's
happening every Sunday morning he
canceled this meeting and there will be
a meeting on 400 p.m. local time uh to
uh to address the issue this meeting was
called by the defense minister yuav
Gallant who is already was vocal about
his disagreement with the Prime Minister
Israeli Prime Minister bamin netan in
his approach of insisting of having uh
permanent presence permanent military
presence of the Israeli forces uh in
Gaza so the situation now in in in the
Israeli territories is really in high
tension and as you mentioned there is
also attention in the Western Bank and
in Gaza well Muhammad stay with us we'll
come back to you in a moment but let's
now go live to Jerusalem and to our
Middle East correspondent John donison
John we were talking there about the
divisions in Benjamin netanyahu's
cabinet how much does this latest
development add to
that well I think Muhammad's right it
reflects the divisions within the
government but also the divisions within
Israeli uh Society but Benjamin
Netanyahu in his short statement this
morning said uh Those Who Kill hostages
do not want a deal referring to the
allegation from the Israeli military
that these hostages were brutally
murdered in their words by Hamas shortly
before the bodies were found you have to
remember though that back in November
last year we had a ceasefire temporary
ceasefire where hostages were being
exchanged for Palestinian prisoners
every day that went on for about a week
with roughly 10 hostages a day coming
out and a lot of questions being asked
about why didn't Israel continue with
that process for a longer period and
then some of those who we now know have
died uh might have been freed the
certainly the hostage uh families Forum
saying today that the people whose
bodies have been found today would have
been alive today if a hostage deal could
have been done and we have heard reports
haven't we of uh Mr netanyahu's defense
minister uh disagreeing with him as well
and and accusing him of putting his
emphasis on uh deploying IDF in the
Philadelphia Corridor over the hostages
what more can you tell us about
that yeah well the last time the
security cabinet met earlier this week
uh there are reports of a shouting match
between yab Galant and prime minister
Netanyahu yab Galant saying that this
insistence on in leaving Israeli forces
in the Philadelphia Corridor that's the
Border area between Gaza and Egypt was
blocking a deal that is something that
Mr Netanyahu has insisted uh he is going
to pursue and and continue with you have
to remember that within his government
government there are also more Hardline
elements who want Israel to be doing
more milit territory and have said they
will resign from the government bringing
the government down if a ceasefire deal
is done and I'm talking about uh itar
benav the uh Hardline national security
minister and all also the Finance
Minister Mr smrd who have said they will
pull out of the government so he is torn
Mr nety as he has been now for months of
trying to keep his government together
but also the pressure building for a
ceasefire deer not just from diplomats
but also from Israeli citizens and in
particular those hostage
families and John we have also been
hearing about three Israelis who've been
killed after their vehicle was fired on
uh near the city of heon what's the
latest on
that yes well you'll be aware looks me
that for the past four or five days
there have been intensified Israeli
military operations in the north of the
West Bank targeting uh Palestinian
militants at least 20 people people have
been killed in those raids and Strikes
on Palestinian cities and Israel says
it's trying to protect its citizens from
attacks well in the south of the West
Bank bank near Hebron which is the
biggest Palestinian City in the occupied
West Bank three Israeli police officers
were killed in a shooting attack
overnight on their car uh and uh we not
got the details of their names yet but
certainly that is a another dangerous
development in the West Bank which the
warning is that there could be a war in
the West Bank similar to what's we've
happened has been happening in Gaza for
the past 10 or 11 months John thank you
that's our Middle East correspondent
John donison live in Jerusalem for us